Are some bands like west side story where you can continually revitalize the
production,
right.
With different actors.
Different actors.
Okay.
A whole lot of Shakespeare going on.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um,
but you have to kind of replicate the initial sound or do you,
cause I'm sure all of Beethoven's early orchestras are dead.
Devin fried chips because I don't think you can say this because this was a part
of my youth van Halen was a part of my youth.
I mean we used to Jude the van Halen logo on our notebooks in high school along
with the rolling stones like the mouth and you know,
all the kiss logo.
When it switched over to Sammy Hagar,
it became a different thing.
It was a different thing.
There's a whole different pivot.
I mean it wasn't,
it wasn't a bad thing.
No,
no.
It was the stem thing.
Shane,
all of Shams lyrics contain love.
Yes.
Okay.
Why can't this be love?
And I ain't talking about love.
We right back with more fighting after this.
Yeah.
I mean,
come on.
Who Do I jog with?
I don't,
I run who's my running partner?
Yeah.
Run on with the devil.
Hello.
Okay.
You want to keep going?
Yeah.
Keep going.
Should I jump?
Should I jump jobs?
Might as well jump.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I mean,
come on.
I know it's a questions in love Ra.
Great.
Uh,
classically that's Schunarrah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um,
but I'm,
I'm not well adjusted.
Nobody in my job ever was much less,
kept it this long and I faced it,
embraced it in the strong,
yeah.
You followed a choke Joe.
No,
it's all right there in the lyrics.
Yeah.
Even using what are considered classic music parlor tricks,
taking a very shad lyric and positioning it against a very happy piece of music.
The music is romping itch,
itch,
a heavy metal,
Rumba,
booboo,
Doo,
Doo Doo Doo Doo,
Doo doop and lyric is she's crying.
Yeah.
Jamie's crying.
You didn't notice that.
Yeah.
It's,
uh,
if there's a sense of,
if there's a sense of larceny does chaos too in the lyric.
There's a sense of a Itch,
uh,
music for after midnight when we're all guilty.
Joe.
Yeah.
Whereas,
and again,
nothing wrong with the Sammy Hagar thing,
but it moved into a mall crowd.
It was a different sort of a vibe.
It was,
it was a good vibe for a lot of folks,
but it was a different vibe.
Um,
I mean,
I don't have anything against Sammy Hagar.
I think he's wonderful.
I was loved that song.
I can't drive 55 he's got some great shit,
but I never listened to the van Halen with Van Hagar.
I just didn't listen to it.
To me it was like I was an end of an era.
For me,
it's two different folks.
Yes.
I wanted to be the art project,
not just where one.
Yeah.
So by placing my,
everything we've discussed,
if you think of it as cross training,
that's a great rationale.
Why'd you do that?
And then you did this at why,
let's cross train.
It's going to reinform your sound.
It's going to reinform the way your stagecraft,
how you even walk out on stage,
your choice of what to wear,
who follow what.
Your sense of humor especially.
Well that's a great way to look at what you were talking about with the west
side,
west side story analogy because it kind of went on,
but it Kinda didn't.
It's like if you took west side story in the,
he changed the story.
You can't change the story,
but you can change the voices.
Okay.
But it would be a different story.
Like the van Halen story became a different story.
All right.
Here,
I'll venture this.
Okay.
Uh,
one of my favorite freeze dried bands in history is toto.
Why's,
why freeze dried?
Well,
all freeze dried coffee looks the same
and it's great.
I've been camping and man,
there's nothing better than I had.
Just a cup of fresh freeze dried in the rural,
in the wrongest places.
That's fun.
Some context,
it's the best thing you get ever hand.
That app owns a good song.
It's an amazing,
so that Smithsonian level,
yes.
Song.
Okay.
Rosanna and so forth.
Toes.
Amazing.
Any of the fellows could walk up to me and I wouldn't recognize him.
No.
You know what I said would not recognize them.
Verus say is the greatest genius in all of music in that regard.
Steve Miller,
nobody knows who the fuck Steve Miller is.
Steam old janitor line,
but me and he had some,
every woman knows those songs and if you stay,
if you even,
uh,
start to play du Du,
Du,
and everybody goes getting ready to sing.
Yeah.
Tanga love.
I mean,
God damn,
he had some jams but that guy could go anywhere.
And then there are artists where you just can't replace it.
Rod Stewart are Channel One of the best vocals in history of any genre together.
Oh yeah.
That's a no weight division thing and yeah,
one of the all time greats.
The Ali's probably Rod Stewart.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um,
his songs,
you can have other people sing them,
but in something other now journey,
I would recognize the guitar player,
but that's just because I listened to that kind of,
that part of the band.
Okay.
My favorite part of the orchestras,
the Gong,
just want to clarify that,
but uh,
uh,
Steve Perry who sang for journey.
Okay.
Um,
was not so much a personality as an eloquent sound.
Yes.
All right.
So it's a universal sound,
and if you even get close to it is it is part of every prom,
every wedding,
every going in and coming out party.
Okay.
If you're going into the,
into the army,
that's the last song band's gonna play.
You're coming out of jail.
They're gonna.
Your girlfriend's going to pull you,
throw your bag to the side and run.
You've seen the movie.
Yes.
Okay.
Even Tony Soprano,
we're not sure what happened,
but it happened to journey.
Yes,
true.
That's right.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
That's very significant.
You can't play a David Lee Roth Shawn and still worry about Tony Soprano.
That's true.
Your half of your mind is going to go,
wait a minute.
The lone ranger just walked into the same diner that Tony is.
It's why I have no acting career.